Concept Note

A few of the main applied areas for research of Hub include:
(a) Smart Mobility,
(b) Healthcare for all,
(c) Data Foundation,
(d) Skill Development,
(e) Translation of AI/ML services, and
(f) Business networking with institutions/startups

Other research areas include:
(a) Smart Buildings,
(b) Systems Development and
(c) Algorithms or other similar software design.

Post-Doc Fellowships 
Objective: 
Support post-doc fellowships to work with senior members of Hub/Institute for relevant technology development in areas of Hub. 

Essential QRs:
Potential candidates should be willing to work in any of these areas for a year. A focussed contribution in an appropriate manner to any of these priority domains would be equated to obligation to publish  findings of research work. Ideally the candidate could be an experienced member of faculty from educational institution holding a doctoral degree or from a corporate with at least 15 years of practice (considered equivalent to research degree by UGC).

Openings:
Posts would be open throughout the year. The number of such fellows supported by Hub could be three for the current year, which could be revised upwardly after block of two years. Applicants should be recommended by a senior faculty of Institute/Hub.



Tenure Track Faculty Fellowships 
Objective: To help independent motivated researchers jump-start their career through proper guidance and support in areas of Hub.

Essential QRs:
Potential candidates should be willing to work in any of the core research areas of Hub. Ideally the candidate should be below 35 years of age,  hold a doctoral degree from a premier research institute in India or abroad,  and should be willing to take up teaching/research assignments in selected area of work for a period of two years. Subsequently, depending on the assessment of work, the candidate could be absorbed in regular stream of Institute.

Openings: The posts would remain open throughout the year without any restriction on number of vacancies.

Chair Professorship
Objective: To enable senior faculty members to dedicate more time/effort to provide direction and guidance to young researchers in areas of Hub.

Essential QRs: 
Potential candidates should be established researchers from academic or research institutions having made significant contributions, for a period not less than 20 years. Potential candidates should be a well-known person in their chosen areas of specialisation.

Openings: The posts would remain open throughout the year, with an upper limit of two, at the beginning, which could be revised once every two years.
